Added capability of settings Save, Division and Shortcut elements of Initial MIDI objects https://github.com/GrandOrgue/grandorgue/issues/1974 (#2238)
GrandOrgue/grandorgue: CHANGELOG.md

> - Added capability of settings Save, Division and Shortcut elements of Initial MIDI objects https://github.com/GrandOrgue/grandorgue/issues/1974

Reviewer: Perhaps it would be better phrased as:

```suggestion
- Added capability of setting Send, Division and Shortcut events for Initial MIDI objects https://github.com/GrandOrgue/grandorgue/issues/1974
```
